[Pages]: Add direct uploads docs (#4342)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/direct-upload.md

{{</Aside>}}

#### Other useful commands

If you would like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all available projects for direct upload, use:

```sh
wrangler pages project list
```

Additionally, if you would like to use Wrangler to obtain a list of all unique preview URLs for a particular project, use:

```sh
wrangler pages deployment list
```

For step-by-step directions on how to use Wrangler and continuous integration tools like GitHub Actions, Circle CI and Travis CI together for continuous deployment, refer to [Pages How to](/pages/how-to/)

## Drag and drop

#### Deploy your project with drag and drop

To begin the deployment process, on the **Create a Project** page, select **Upload Assets** and enter your project name in the provided field. Your project will be served from `<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. Next drag and drop your build output directory into the uploading frame. Once your files have been successfully uploaded, select **Save and Deploy** and continue to your newly deployed project. 

#### Create a new deployment

> After you have your project created, select **Create a new deployment** to begin a new version of your site. Next, choose whether your new deployment will be made to your production or preview environment. If choosing preview, you can create a new deployment target or enter an existing one. Deployment targets allow you to access all changes at one preview subdomain with the following convention `<DEPLOYMENT_TARGET>.<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have your project created, select **Create a new deployment** to begin a new version of your site. Next, choose whether your new deployment will be made to your production or preview environment. If choosing preview, you can create a new deployment target or enter an existing one. Deployment targets allow you to access all changes at one preview subdomain with the following convention: `<DEPLOYMENT_TARGET>.<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. 
```

## Troubleshoot

> There is a 1,000 file [limits](/pages/platform/limits/#files) in place for both drag and drop and Wrangler upload in regards to file count and a 25MiB limit in place for individual file size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a 1,000 file [limits](/pages/platform/limits/#files) in place for both drag and drop and Wrangler upload in regards to file count and a 25 MiB limit in place for individual file size. 
```
